Support signature value in query param (#22)
Holo-Host/rfcs: 2019-11-03-hp-dispatcher/README.md

## Authentication / Authorization

> Authentication and assertion are enforced by `dispatcher` via Auth service.  Depending on the

Author: ```suggestion
Authentication and assertion are enforced by `dispatcher`.  Depending on the
```
It doesn't make sense to reference 1 of the 2 ways right there

    limit_req zone=zone1 burst=30;
}
```

This is a measure against bandwidth depletion due to unwanted serving of static files from HoloPort,

> as the are meant to be served to HoloPort Admin alone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as they are meant to be served to HoloPort Admin alone.
```

Reviewer: typo

### `X-Hpos-Admin-Signature`
HP Admin related calls have to be secured with the Signature-based authorization. This signature is
a combination of time modulo `x` and selected HTTP properties to authenticate and assert the
authority of requests.

The signature value can be either an HTTP Header, or in the query params in that order of precedence.

**Examples**

> 1. case-insensitive HTTP HEADER (eg. `X-Hpos-Admin-Signature: EGeYSAmjxp1kNBzXAR2kv7m3BNxyREZnVwSfh3FX7Ew`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. HTTP HEADER (case-insensitive header name) (eg. `X-Hpos-Admin-Signature: EGeYSAmjxp1kNBzXAR2kv7m3BNxyREZnVwSfh3FX7Ew`)
```
Header value is case-sensitive

> 2. case-sensitive query param (eg. `?X-Hpos-Admin-Signature=EGeYSAmjxp1kNBzXAR2kv7m3BNxyREZnVwSfh3FX7Ew`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. query param (eg. `hpos-admin-signature=EGeYSAmjxp1kNBzXAR2kv7m3BNxyREZnVwSfh3FX7Ew`)
```

`X-` is an HTTP header convention that is used to distinguish between standard and non-standard headers. Since there are no standard query params, this doesn't apply here. Also, query params are defined as case-sensitive by URL spec, so that is redundant. `?` is position-dependent, and generally convention is that query params are lowercase.

Author: I think it is better to keep the name consistent rather than adapt it for query string standards.  To me, the query parameter option is an extension of the preferred HTTP Header method in order to support requests with limited Header controls.

Case insensitive is redundant so that could be removed.

> 2. case-sensitive query param (eg. `?X-Hpos-Admin-Signature=EGeYSAmjxp1kNBzXAR2kv7m3BNxyREZnVwSfh3FX7Ew`)

Author: ```suggestion
2. query param (eg. `?X-Hpos-Admin-Signature=EGeYSAmjxp1kNBzXAR2kv7m3BNxyREZnVwSfh3FX7Ew`)
```

   - eg. `?X-Hpos-Admin-Signature=EGeYSAmjxp1kNBzXAR2kv7m3BNxyREZnVwSfh3FX7Ew`

> HTTP Header is required to have a Base64-encoded Ed25519 signature of the appropriate payload.

Author: ```suggestion
The signature must be a Base64-encoded Ed25519 signature of the appropriate payload.
```

```json
{

>   "date": ${timestamp}, // modulo N              eg. 12736462100

Reviewer: I am strongly against it for two reasons: practical and ideological:

Practical:
This assumes that client and server clocks are synced to certain extent. If you do a research 15% of servers have their internal time off. Nobody knows what is the situation on user's devices. So by introducing this security measure we are making a strong assumption that For sure is not gonna be valid in 100% of cases.

Ideological: (tl;dr,)
Believing that two components of the system have synchronized clocks rests on the assumption that something like a universal time does exist and can be shared across the system.  Holo in fact is a gateway between centralized and distributed. And yes, we are working here on the centralized side of the fence, but my feelings are that we can do much better then build our system on centralized paradigms. There is no notion of universal time in the distributed system. There can be agreed upon time between two actors (e.g. TLS handshake) but we are working on a dumb layer of http that does not have access to handshaking.

That said timestamp can serve as a randomization value, but not as a measure of time passage between client and server. Correct me if I'm wrong because I might be blind to something.

Author: I agree, that we would cause frustration for many users if something as simple as there clock was out of sync.  However, the user base that will be affected by these decisions are HPOS users; so it may be reasonable to expect their devices to have working clocks.

The purpose of this additional payload property is to mitigate signature reuse for requests that have the same `method`, `request`, and `body` values.  The only other option I can think of to solve this security whole would be entropy provided by the server.  Are there any other ways?

  "method": ${verb},    // to lowercase          eg. "get"

>   "request": ${URI},    // include query params  eg. "/api/v1/config?a=b"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "request": ${URI},    // exclude query params  eg. "/api/v1/config"
```
so that we avoid cyclic dependency on `?X-Hpos-Admin-Signature=EGeYSAmjxp1kNBzXAR2kv7m3BNxyREZnVwSfh3FX7Ew`
